What is angular?
Angular is fronend javascript framework
2. Why use angular?
ans: It simplifies the process of building complex, interactive web user interface
  1. Write declarative code
  2. separation  of concerns via components
  3. Custom HTML components
  4. OOPS concepts and Principle can be used
  5. Angular use typescript


To create project in angular after installing npm and
1. Install angular cli: npm install -g @angular/cli (it install angular cli globally on our system)
2. After installing run : ng new my-angular-app


Files that are at top level of the project are the configuration files
files with tsconfig are the typescript configuration files
  these tsconfig files controls how typescript code will be compiled to javascript code

package*.json
  which helps to mange dependency of the project

angular.json
  which contains extra configuration setting information for angular CLI

main.ts -> This file is the main file that will load when anyone visit our site
assets -> This folder is having images, like logos

npm start -> this will trigger ng serve under the hook

@Component is the TS feature, this is provided by the angular which converts normal class into
angular component, when add to any class
  selector: app-root -> it tells the angular to look for thee app-root tag to replace with the markup that is
  provided by this component in templateUrl
  styleUrl: To apply the css for this component only we will provide css using this property


export class [className] --  Here Export will be used so that other files can use this component
in @component we set standalone: true, because in earlier version of angular there are only module based components
standalone components added later

main.ts: When our application start which components will be loaded initially that should be defined in this file
i.e we have new header component if we want to load it when application starts we need to define it in main.ts file

In main.ts we should only call the app component we should nested other component in the app component

If we want to use other component in the any component we need to import that component using import in @component

To create new component:
ng generate component [component-name] / short cut: ng g c [component-name]

To bind the variables in angular from component we can use two way:
1. String interoplation using {{ variableName.property }} we can use public property in the template
2. Property Binding like src in user.component.html [src] = "variabeName.property"

To add event listener when we click on the button like on click
we write: <button (click)="onSelectUser()">  here onSelectUser is the method that will be called when user click

Two approaches for updating State:
1. Relaying on zone.js which detects possible change when we do something on the screen: from angular 2
2. Signals: This will notify angular about value change and required UI updated
  There are multiple syntex updates using signals, look at user.components.html

